Let us first introduce the Reflection API itself.
There are several fundamental classes that you need to know in this API,
and the name of those classes are the following.
There is a class called Class, which may be a little confusing,
but this is the case.
There's also a class called Field to model the fields within a class,
and a class called Method to model the methods,
again, within a class, and there is a bonus class called the Constructor class.
A Constructor in the class is not really a method
even if it looks like a method,
and constructors are modeled using their own class.
And then we will be also using the Annotation class, which models annotations.
The first classes, Class, Field, Method,
and Constructor,
have been introduced in the very early version of the Reflection API in Java 1.
The Annotation class is more recent since this feature has been
added to the Java language more recently in Java 5.
The idea you need to keep in mind is that each of those classes
provides a model for a fundamental element of a class.
And from the Class object,
we are going to be able to access those fundamental elements one by one. This is what we are going to see now.